# ES_F Daily Trading Plan March 20 2024

Text 

## Previous Day Review

Tuesday was a good example of how the price action inside of balance can be hard to forecast with high probability. After a large gap up on Monday we had a large move of -29 points in the overnight that ended with a 10 point gap at the open. The majority of the move was late in the Euro session. 

I wrote in my premarket note that when the market stops making sense (to me) I get more cautious. I also said that I will look for continuation down but I want to see clear MGI showing the probabilities for continuation down are strong. 

We opened and immediately saw weakness off the open but couldn't get much follow through selling. B period then put in an inside bar leaving a small IB of only 11 points. The MGI was stacking to the downside at this point. We couldn't auction above the open and we had a considerable gap to the downside. 

I like to watch for a break of B period when its an inside bar. C broke B's high, the IBH, and closed the gap leaving a weak high at Monday's low `5210.25` which was the first level on our price map. Weak highs are very visual levels so we should expect those to be taken. At this point the MGI is indicating we should get more upside. 

D period pulled back to the IBH and Open and found buyers ahead of C's halfback. We then put in our first set of singles in D period. We put in 3 more sets of singles in the day that all remain unfilled. We briefly paused at `5225` which was also on our price map before continuing higher. `5225` also served as our afternoon pulback and the low of the upper distribution. 

We eventually balanced below Monday's HOD and our Supply Zone `5240-46` for 5 periods before putting in an exploratory price spike and moving value up to this upper distribution. The price spike fell 10 ticks shy of all-time highs and ended the day closing inside the spike and above Monday's HOD. 

**Key Points**

- Monday's and Tuesday's gaps were filled.  
- 4 sets of unfilled singles.  
- Closed 10 ticks from all-time highs.  

I am surprised that we put in so many singles on the eve of FOMC even though the market clearly gave us indications that this would happen. I allowed my bias of historically seeing small ranges prior to FOMC to affect my ability to think in terms of probabilities. 

>**Session Stats**  
>Volume: 1.0 mln  
>Range: 49.50 points  
>Rotational Factor: +12  
>Delta: +22k  

## Overnight Review (_updated at 0900 CT_)

Text

>**Session Stats**  
>Volume:  
>Range:  
>Rotational Factor:   
>Delta:  
>Positioning: 

## Mission Plan

Text

#### Open above | Scenario 1

Text 

#### Open Below | Scenario 2

Text 

>**Noteable Earnings**  
>No noteable earnings  

>**Important Economic Releases**  
>No noteable Economic Releases today

#### Other Markets


# Notes from the session

